Copyright 1997-2017,2018 Thomas E. Dickey

This copyright notice must be included in all copies or substantial
portions of Lynx.  It outlines rights and restrictions for Lynx which
override the guidelines given in the COPYING file.

Most of the content of the Lynx release (and corresponding copyright) is
the work of developers on the lynx-dev mailing list, who have agreed to
distribute their work under the terms and conditions of the GNU General
Public License (Version 2).  Note that the License text after the terms
and conditions is advisory in nature, and contains neither terms nor
conditions.  You may choose to follow that advice.

The copyright owners and developers for Lynx grant their express
permission for using any version of these common libraries (which are
known to have problematic licensing issues) with any operating system or
platform, irregardless of the manner in which the libraries are
connected to the Lynx program:

        GNUTLS

        libbsd               http://libbsd.freedesktop.org/releases/

        libidn

        OpenSSL              http://www.openssl.org

Additionally, the developers understand that these additional libraries
have no licensing issues.  Permission is in any case granted to use Lynx
without restriction for these as well:

        libbz2               http://www.bzip.org/

        libiconv

        libutf8              http://www.haible.de/bruno/packages-libutf8.html

        nss_compat_ossl      http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Nss_compat_ossl

        zlib                 http://www.gzip.org/zlib/ 

The list given is by no means exhaustive and may not be interpreted to
limit the set of libraries with which Lynx can be used.

The granted right to "use" (besides the obvious ability to run the
program as a user) covers all development activities such as of building,
modifying, distributing modified versions.

Any licensing questions should be directed to the mailing list:

        lynx-dev@nongnu.org

or to the developer/maintainer (Thomas E. Dickey):

        dickey@invisible-island.net

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For reference, below is the original copyright notice for Lynx (2.4.2).
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
/* Copyright (C) 1995 University of Kansas.

   This file is part of Lynx, a text-based WWW browser. 

   Lynx is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
   under the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 2, as
   published by the Free Software Foundation.

   Lynx is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
   ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY
   or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public
   License for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
   along with Lynx; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
   Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
   02111-1307, USA.

   Any licensing or usage questions should be directed to Michael
   Grobe <grobe@ukans.edu>.
*/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- vile:txtmode fc=72 noti
-- $LynxId: COPYHEADER,v 1.16 2018/02/05 09:42:07 tom Exp $
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
